
insert into qc_los.qt_applicantmaster am(am.APPLICANTID ,
am.TITLE ,
am.FNAME ,
am.MNAME ,
am.LNAME ,
am.RELIGION ,
am.MARTIALSTATUS ,
am.DOB ,
am.GENDER ,
am.NOOFDEPENDENTS ,
am.FATHERTITLE ,
am.FATHERFNAME ,
am.FATHERMNAME ,
am.FATHERLNAME ,
am.MOTHERFNAME ,
am.MOTHERMNAME ,
am.MOTHERLNAME ,
am.SPOUSETITLE ,
am.SPOUSEFNAME ,
am.SPOUSEMNAME ,
am.SPOUSELNAME ,
am.SPOUSEOCCUPATION ,
am.SPOUSENAMEOFCOMPANY ,
am.CONSTITUTION ,
am.CUSTCATEGORY ,
am.EDUQUALIFICATION ,
am.HIGHESTQUALIFICATION ,
am.DEGREE ,
am.COLLEGELASTATTENDED ,
am.NATIONALITY ,
am.NLFNAME ,
am.NLMNAME ,
am.NLLNAME ,
am.VOTERSID ,
am.ISPANNO ,
am.PANNO ,
am.DECLARATION ,
am.DRIVINGLICENSENO ,
am.PASSPORTNO ,
am.BASIC ,
am.DA ,
am.HRA ,
am.SPALLOWANCES ,
am.MEDICAL_LTA ,
am.BONUS_INCENTIVE ,
am.OTHERS ,
am.GROSSINCOME ,
am.OTHERINCOME ,
am.NETINCOME ,
am.DNSREQUIRED ,
am.DNSREASON ,
am.PREFERREDTIMETOCALL ,
am.PREFERREDMODEOFCOMM ,
am.CREATEDBY ,
am.CREATED_DATETIME ,
am.UPDATEBY ,
am.UPDATE_DATETIME ,
am.LOCATIONCATEGORY ,
am.OCCUPATION ,
am.RESISTATUS ,
am.RELATION ,

am.ACTIVE ,


am.APPLICANTCODE ,
am.APPLICANTTYPE ,
am.PDE_STATUS ,
am.CUSTOMER_ENTITYTYPE ,
am.RBI_REGISTRATION_NO ,
am.KEY_CONTACT_PERSON ,
am.AUTHORIZED_CAPITAL ,
am.ISSUED_CAPITAL ,
am.DIAS_BOARD_REPRESENTATIVE ,
am.LEGAL_FORM_NAME ,
am.LEGAL_FORM ,
am.LEGAL_FORM_TYPE ,
am.SALES_MANAGER_ID ,
am.TINNO ,
am.ENTITYID ,
am.TANNO ,
am.COMPANY_ID ,
am.PSL_TYPE ,
am.CASTE_CATEGORY ,
am.LOCATION_NETWORK_TYPE ,
am.LOCATION_DATETIME ,
am.LONGITUDE ,
am.LATITUDE ,
am.DEVICE_ID ,
am.MSME_NO ,
am.ST_NO ,
am.VAT_NO ,
am.SERVICE_TAX_NO ,
am.OTHERS_TYPE ,
am.OTHERS_ID ,
am.NICK_NAME ,
am.NO_OF_OTHER_DEPENDENTS ,
am.APPLICANT_AGE ,
am.BUSINESS_PREMISE_PHOTO ,
am.YEARS_OF_RELATIONSHIP ,
am.BUYER_SUPPLIER_NO ,
am.NATURE_OF_BUSINESS ,
am.MONTHLY_SALES ,
am.APP_AGE_MONTH ,
am.NAME_AS_PER_AADHAAR ,
am.FEMALE_OWNERSHIP ,
--am.SECURITIZATION_FLAG ,
--am.TRANCHE ,
am.PMAY_STATUS ,
am.AADHAARCARDNO ,
am.FORM_60 ,
am.FORM_60_NAME) 

select 
amh.APPLICANTID ,
amh.TITLE ,
amh.FNAME ,
amh.MNAME ,
amh.LNAME ,
amh.RELIGION ,
amh.MARTIALSTATUS ,
amh.DOB ,
amh.GENDER ,
amh.NOOFDEPENDENTS ,
amh.FATHERTITLE ,
amh.FATHERFNAME ,
amh.FATHERMNAME ,
amh.FATHERLNAME ,
amh.MOTHERFNAME ,
amh.MOTHERMNAME ,
amh.MOTHERLNAME ,
amh.SPOUSETITLE ,
amh.SPOUSEFNAME ,
amh.SPOUSEMNAME ,
amh.SPOUSELNAME ,
amh.SPOUSEOCCUPATION ,
amh.SPOUSENAMEOFCOMPANY ,
amh.CONSTITUTION ,
amh.CUSTCATEGORY ,
amh.EDUQUALIFICATION ,
amh.HIGHESTQUALIFICATION ,
amh.DEGREE ,
amh.COLLEGELASTATTENDED ,
amh.NATIONALITY ,
amh.NLFNAME ,
amh.NLMNAME ,
amh.NLLNAME ,
amh.VOTERSID ,
amh.ISPANNO ,
amh.PANNO ,
amh.DECLARATION ,
amh.DRIVINGLICENSENO ,
amh.PASSPORTNO ,
amh.BASIC ,
amh.DA ,
amh.HRA ,
amh.SPALLOWANCES ,
amh.MEDICAL_LTA ,
amh.BONUS_INCENTIVE ,
amh.OTHERS ,
amh.GROSSINCOME ,
amh.OTHERINCOME ,
amh.NETINCOME ,
amh.DNSREQUIRED ,
amh.DNSREASON ,
amh.PREFERREDTIMETOCALL ,
amh.PREFERREDMODEOFCOMM ,
amh.CREATEDBY ,
amh.CREATED_DATETIME ,
amh.UPDATEBY ,
amh.UPDATE_DATETIME ,
amh.LOCATIONCATEGORY ,
amh.OCCUPATION ,
amh.RESISTATUS ,
amh.RELATION ,

amh.ACTIVE ,


amh.APPLICANTCODE ,
amh.APPLICANTTYPE ,
amh.PDE_STATUS ,
amh.CUSTOMER_ENTITYTYPE ,
amh.RBI_REGISTRATION_NO ,
amh.KEY_CONTACT_PERSON ,
amh.AUTHORIZED_CAPITAL ,
amh.ISSUED_CAPITAL ,
amh.DIAS_BOARD_REPRESENTATIVE ,
amh.LEGAL_FORM_NAME ,
amh.LEGAL_FORM ,
amh.LEGAL_FORM_TYPE ,
amh.SALES_MANAGER_ID ,
amh.TINNO ,
amh.ENTITYID ,
amh.TANNO ,
amh.COMPANY_ID ,
amh.PSL_TYPE ,
amh.CASTE_CATEGORY ,
amh.LOCATION_NETWORK_TYPE ,
amh.LOCATION_DATETIME ,
amh.LONGITUDE ,
amh.LATITUDE ,
amh.DEVICE_ID ,
amh.MSME_NO ,
amh.ST_NO ,
amh.VAT_NO ,
amh.SERVICE_TAX_NO ,
amh.OTHERS_TYPE ,
amh.OTHERS_ID ,
amh.NICK_NAME ,
amh.NO_OF_OTHER_DEPENDENTS ,
amh.APPLICANT_AGE ,
amh.BUSINESS_PREMISE_PHOTO ,
amh.YEARS_OF_RELATIONSHIP ,
amh.BUYER_SUPPLIER_NO ,
amh.NATURE_OF_BUSINESS ,
amh.MONTHLY_SALES ,
amh.APP_AGE_MONTH ,
amh.NAME_AS_PER_AADHAAR ,
amh.FEMALE_OWNERSHIP ,
--amh.SECURITIZATION_FLAG ,
--amh.TRANCHE ,
amh.PMAY_STATUS ,
amh.ADHAAR_CARD_NO ,
amh.FORM_60 ,
amh.FORM_60_NAME  from qc_los.qt_applicantmasterhist amh where amh.applicantid='1000174213'
 order by amh.histdate desc fetch first 1 row only;